Control management system (CMS)
Did you know that over 40% of websites are built on WordPress? Let's explore why.




The control management system is a tool that helps you publish, share,. 
Your blog, article, or e-commerce website and you can rely on it and you will be viral within no time. 


Recently, the percentage showed a big jump. More than 40% of websites are built using WordPress and are running and relying on it!


Like if you think of it if you try managing everything by yourself you will get tired and there is a big chance you will just give up but if you use CMS you can do the work once and double the amount of time you worked on the project you published.


The best part is that some or most CMS tools make it easier to link Adsense to the Google Ads Management System, so you will be protected from the hustle of connecting everything up from scratch! 


Now the question is what are the Different types of CMS?
Well, here are 5 of them


1- Component Content Management Systems (CCMS)
2- Enterprise Content Management Systems (ECM)
3- Web Content Management Systems (WCMS)
4- Digital Asset Management Systems (DAM)
5- Document Management Systems (DMS)
6- easier collaboration
7- SEO friendliness 
8- It is easier to get a website domain 


Each of them has its purpose for use.


As it is recognizable by the name note that it may vary depending on your use purposes. 


How to use CMS ?,


Well, it's easy you just need to choose the best platform that suits your needs, you can choose between:
1- wix - pros: User-friendly and intuitive(Drag and Drop)
2- WordPress pros: cheap, SEO friendly, regular automatic updates 
3- Drupal pros: open-source, community, security  
In conclusion, I recommend you try CMS. I don't see any reason why you would regret it. It is easy, and most of them aren't expensive to maintain. It is way better than doing everything from scratch.


 
Links:
https://www.wix.com/
https://wordpress.com/
https://www.drupal.org


Plus, if you write an article using one of the CMS platforms and it becomes popular, you can help schools and universities with the information you are trying to let the reader receive, which, in my opinion, may help generations, so be sure to do something useful for the world!


And good luck!!